Hemut Trial Project: Real-Time Q&A Dashboard
Build a Q&A dashboard (3 pages) where users (non-logged-in guests) can submit questions via
a web interface, and see questions pop up in real time. All users can respond to questions, but
only admins (logged in) can mark questions answered & get notified when new ones arrive.

Frontend (React Native or Next.js):
● A form to submit a question (text input + submit button). Include form validation using
AJAX XLMHttpRequest Objects to ensure submitted questions are not blank.
● A live-updating dashboard to view questions.
○ Each question displays:
■ Timestamp: Current time of posting (use system time)
■ Status: "Pending", “Escalated”, or "Answered"
○ Escalated Messages move to the top of the page, all posts ordered by timestamp
○ Guests have the ability to view, answer, and post questions, but only admins
(logged in users) have the ability to mark questions as answered

Backend (FastAPI + AWS or local):
● REST API or gRPC endpoints for:
○ Submitting a question.
○ Getting the current list of questions.
○ Marking a question as answered.
● Real-time updates using:
○ WebSockets for pushing new questions to clients.
○ Optional: include Webhooks to ping an external service when a question is
answered.

Infrastructure:
● Push all code to a GitHub repository, make it public and share the link in the e-mail reply.
● Login & Register pages with input validation, queries DB for valid credentials.
● Forum page where all questions are posted (all users can view/answer)
● Store data in-memory or optionally in a DBMS.
○ Users table: user_id (PK), username, email, password
○ Questions table: question_id (PK), user_id (FK), message
○ Anything else you come up with
● Deploy backend in SQL locally (or AWS if you prefer)
● Use environment variables or a .env file for the config.
Bonus (if you have time):
● Add RAG or Langchain integration to auto-suggest answers to questions (mocked
response is fine).
● Add your own major creative feature to the product to showcase your skills!

Requirement Tech Used
Fast API Backend API
Next.js or React Native Frontend
gRPC / WebSockets /
Webhooks

Realtime updates & integrations

AWS Optional backend deployment
Git/GitHub + CI/CD Source control + deploy simulation
HTTP/HTTPS API communications
Langchain or Pipecat (Optional) RAG/Agent integration